DOC-4281: Add the Gamification chapter (#94)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/Gamification.rst

.. _Gamification:

####################
Gamification
####################

Engaging your collaborators is one of the key challenges for organizations nowadays. 

> **eXo Gamification** will help your organizations to engage your employees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**eXo Gamification** will help your organization to engage your employees.
```

> **eXo Gamification** is layering game-like features upon the use of applications –such as those used within a digital workplace– in order to boost employee engagement to enhance the use of your digital workplace solution by encouraging collaborators to participate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**eXo Gamification** is layering game-like features upon the use of applications, such as those used within a digital workplace, in order to boost employee engagement and enhance the use of your digital workplace solution by encouraging collaborators to participate.
```

> When your users are engaged, they participate more fully on your platform by posting , commenting, sharing documents, rating, posting, downloading, or performing other actions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When employees are engaged, they more participate on your platform by posting, commenting, sharing documents, rating, downloading and much more. 
```

**eXo Gamification** is organized into “domains” that include a set of "badges" and actions to earn points. 

.. _Domains:

=======================
Domains
=======================

.. _Badges:

=======================

> Domains

Reviewer 2: Should be badges
